早安,各位女子妹。 我们到神的面前来祷告。 阿帕天父,我们感谢你的恩典,把这个明媚的,充满阳光的,充满平安喜乐的,主日的清晨, 恭敬仰望,照在主人的手中。主啊,真的是很感谢你,无论是下雨,刮风,还是是阳光万丈, 都是你耶和华所定下的日子。 我们要在这一天,蒙昭,到你的面前,
Amen.
Do you still remember where we talked about last week?
We talked about the story of Jin Niu Du, right?
We talked about the logic of the new operation.
Did you divide the four steps?
First is your idea.
What do you think is correct?
What is wrong?
What do you believe?
What I believe.
The second part is your will.
What I desire.
我想要什么,我追求什么,我看中什么,我爱什么,我依赖什么,对不对?
The third part is what I feel 我感受什么,就是我们的情绪,对不对?情绪是一种评估性的反应对前两步做出一种 evaluation 或者一个 assessment 是你的一个 judgment 最后一步变成 what I do 对吗?
Do you remember?
Then we look at the example of the Golden Thread Embroidery.
As you can see, what we talked about last week is about what the mind is occupied with.
What we understand is what we want and how we react and how we act.
It is the logic of the mind.
This is a structure.
It is a structure.
It is basic.
Can you understand it?
Do you remember it?
Now let's take a look at it.
The story of Jin Liu Du has proven the logic of the operation.
What is related to the so-called new knowledge?
In the Bible, there is a name for the so-called new knowledge called the idol.
So everyone must understand the concept.
What is the essence of the idol?
First of all, the idol
It's not about other gods.
It's about listening to the gods.
Let's think about the story of Jin Niu Du.
When they went to find Yalun, the Great Priest said to him, Why do you want to create a scripture for us?
To lead us to the destination, right?
So it's about the functionality of the first one, not about the order of the gods.
The first one pointed out that people need to manipulate the gods, use the gods to serve me,
He came to achieve my goal for me.
So the first characteristic of the idol is not necessarily other gods, but the gods who want to listen to me, who can be manipulated by me, who can use and serve me.
So they will say in chapter 32, chapter 4, this is the god who led you out of Egypt.
This is the name of the god who created Eiji.
This god has a name called Yehehua.
Do they deny it?
No, they don't deny it.
But they used a symbol that was created by a mirror to replace Yehehua god.
This means that they made a mistake in their theory.
The god can't be seen.
Because he is a spirit, right?
And they want to turn him into a
Not only is there a powerful god who is able to serve me, but there is also a god who is able to see through my eyes.
Through two points of expression, the first one is the one who is able to see through my eyes.
The second one is the one who is able to see through my eyes.
The second one is the one who is able
So, from a certain point of view, Moses also became the idol of the Israelites.
He couldn't replace God.
He was just the servant of God.
So, when we sum these two points up, we see that the idols they created for the problem of the Israelites showed that they had to create God according to their needs and ideas.
This is the idol.
The correct way is to follow God's will and accept his will.
Who is he?
What is he going to do with his guidance?
It should be that he is above me, above the power of God.
I obey him.
I accept his will.
I follow the standard of his words.
But through the scripture, we see that the idol is the opposite.
The idol is to follow my needs, to follow my thoughts.
created by the fake god, not the real god.
So let's take a look at it.
The most dangerous idol is not to reject the god, but to follow his own thoughts, his own needs, his own needs to create the god.
Why is this the most dangerous thing?
Because what kind of person is he?
Yes, he is guilty.
Is his needs guilty?
Is his thoughts guilty?
all have, all are affected by sin.
The first one of Darwin's idea, total depravity, is it not?
All of us, the whole process, that is, the four aspects of what our last lecture talked about, what I believe, what I desire, what I feel, what I do, all of them are affected by sin.
So if you, according to your own thoughts, create a god, then this god must not be in the Bible, or in the story, in the story of the Bible,
The second observation is that they are still worshiping.
Can you imagine this?
Yalun told them that tomorrow we are going to worship Yehehua.
Today we are going to worship Jin Liu.
Tomorrow we are going to worship Yehehua.
What are you doing?
Are you kidding me?
This proves that they didn't even realize that they were worshiping the wrong person.
Is this kind of worship meaningful in the second day?
Why is it not meaningful?
It's not that the behavior itself is not meaningful, but that the opposite of the behavior is wrong, causing it to be meaningless.
The religious behavior must have the right opposite.
Your religious life and religious behavior have value.
But when the opposite of the religious behavior is wrong and wrong, the only thing that can bring is the religious problem.
That is, you think you are satisfied, you think you are worshiping God, and you don't have the effect of saving your life.
So, brothers and sisters, you must be cautious.
We do not do the基督教徒.
What is the difference between the基督教徒 and the基督教徒?
The latter is a religious believer.
The former is a human follower.
This is the difference.
We have to do the one in front, believe in God, follow from the capital, and not believe in a religion.
We don't want a religious life.
Whether I worship the right or the wrong, then why don't we worship the Buddha?
Why don't we believe in Islam?
What is the difference?
There is no difference.
So the second observation is that they are still worshiping, but the right is not the true God, but they follow their own thoughts.
created the wrong God.
Then what is the core problem?
Who is the master?
Is it according to his mind or according to my thoughts?
Is it according to his consciousness?
Who is he?
Or according to my needs, who is he created?
This is the core problem.
This is also the fundamental difference between the idol and the true God.
Why do we have so many kinds of problems?
The ultimate answer
The disordered love.
What are the characteristics of modern idols in modern life?
First of all, idols are not necessarily bad things.
To worship idols is a wrong behavior.
So it often gives us a feeling that the idol itself is not good.
This is wrong.
The idol is often good things.
For example, wealth.
For example, health.
For example, intimate relations.
Do these things have any problems?
I think they don't have any problems.
Right?
But when does it become a sumptuous thing?
It is the most important thing in itself.
And we are placed in the most important position.
It is wrong to replace the position on the ground.
So, in fact, it has something to do with what we are talking about.
Paul says that food itself is not wrong.
What is the mistake of food itself?
There is no indecisiveness.
So who is the mistake?
The person who eats is our mistake.
The idol is also the same.
We don't put some bad things in the essence, because the position of the mistake leads to it becoming an idol.
So it is our mistake, not the mistake of that thing.
When that thing can be placed in the right position, it can pursue it.
It can possess it.
It is the blessing given to you by God.
But God never gives you money, fame, power, status, health, privacy, etc.
He gives it to you and uses it to replace it.
No more, right?
So everyone has to identify.
This is his first feature.
Let's take a look at the current idol.
For example, achievement, for example, love, for example, manager, comfort, enjoyment and other people's recognition.
For example, pursue perfection.
This is me.
This is me, perfectionist.
This is also an idol.
And the family, children become our idols.
And the sense of security brought by money, etc.
So, is there any way to explain the idol?
There are three questions in your handout.
If you lose something, you won't feel that life is meaningless.
I will not be able to protect or fight for something.
What makes me most anxious, angry, and want to get it the most?
Using these questions to ask yourself, the answer that comes to mind is always your idol.
Timothée Keile's poem,
I don't know if you recognize him.
There are a lot of people who know him.
Timothy Keller.
He is the owner of the channel.
But he is the witness of our PCU.
He is also a very important American modern scientist.
According to his diagnosis, you can go back in time and write down these sentences.
If I have anything, I will be very happy.
我最害怕失去的是什么?
当我想到什么什么我就会焦虑 当什么什么东西受到威胁的时候我就会愤怒 我花最多时间思考的是什么事 我花最多钱在什么事情上 我最常向神祷告 也就是你祈求的是什么?
把这些答案这七个问题的答案回答出来之后 你就比较容易看到
Wang Wang's answer is your idol.
So, when you understand the idol, when you understand the core of what it is, how do you return to your true worship?
First of all, we need to understand one thing.
Do you know what it is?
Humans are impossible to not worship.
Humans' hearts must not be in the empty space.
This statement is rather abstract.
To put it bluntly,
The heart must have something.
Your attention, your thinking, your belief system, what you believe, what you desire, what you feel, must have an object.
There is no normal function, the function of victory.
I am talking about those
There are some diseases that may cause them to have no normal thinking ability.
This is a special case.
A normal person with a normal thinking ability doesn't say that my thinking is floating in the air.
My heart doesn't believe in anything.
My desire doesn't point to anything.
This is impossible.
Why is it impossible?
This is a very simple self-portrait on philosophy.
He doesn't believe in anything.
This is his belief.
Since we can't worship, because we are created according to the image of God.
So naturally, there is a God.
The concept of human need to worship is placed in the life of our worship.
This is called human religion.
Human religion comes from creation and life.
It is impossible to get it.
We can't stop worshiping.
So if we can't stop worshiping, we have to think about who I want to worship.
I just said, don't worship something that is not true.
So, the object we worship can only be God in the future.
Augustine said, disordered love is not about loving the wrong object, it is about loving the wrong posture.
That is, you
For example, family, work, health, and so on, they put it in the most important place.
Then they become an idol.
Let's take a look at this.
This statement is actually a challenge for many people.
Because family, work, health are the most important thing for those who do not have faith.
But what we are talking about today is that it is very important.
Because that absolute
The important position of the ultimate is to go to the ground.
In the process of creating people, it stays in the hearts of people.
The most important position of the ultimate is to be able to hold on to the idea of a flower.
Everything comes from it.
Life comes from it.
If there is no god who creates our life, family will not exist.
Relationship will not exist.
Health will not exist.
Work will not exist.
Everything we see is going to have a source.
So the source is important.
What you believe.
There is no God.
Open up.
Welcome God to step in our world.
into our belief system, into our belief system and system, you will change the whole picture.
These steps behind you will make it possible.
Do you understand?
So, if the good thing I just talked about, family, work, relationships, money, career, power, health, and so on, these things, I said, they must be put behind the top, they are a challenge to you.
What's the problem?
your belief system itself has not been established yet.
If this part is solved, you should not feel any challenge.
Do you understand?
So, what is the way to deal with the wrong?
It is to try not to defeat others.
Try to let yourself be restrained.
Try to eliminate these wrong objects.
Even someone says, I just don't love anything.
If I don't love anything, I will completely die.
I have just said that you can't not love.
You must have something in your heart, right?
In any aspect, no one is not healthy.
Any person is pursuing a relationship of love and compassion.
Is it the marriage from here?
Friendship from here?
All kinds of healthy relationships are from here.
Including the 14 romance books that we have been talking about, the relationship between education and body, is going to be the core of love as a framework.
are all the same.
So it's impossible not to have the heart to think.
Therefore, I don't love anything.
You still love something.
That's the wrong idea.
Right?
Strongly, you have to be objective, ask yourself, strengthen yourself, don't love anything.
Not only won't you achieve what you want to achieve, but will add to your love for the part of your heart, the love for the other person.
The opposite effect will come out.
This is the theory of the white bear.
You can come down and understand.
Therefore, we have to look at a correct way to defeat the idol.
Then we have to place the upper ground in the most important position of our heart.
There is a saying in the Bible, the will of God and the will of God.
What you need will be added to
Look at this sentence.
Is it the most important and most important thing that I just said?
Are you going to be healthy?
Are you going to have a close relationship?
Do you need the normal financial ability to maintain your family, your loved ones, a normal life?
You need it, right?
These things, in this sentence, the gods will give it to you.
Give it to you, not once, but give it to you.
You still have to give, you still have to give, you still have to give.
This is called giving to you.
What is the premise?
First, seek the fruit of God and the will of God.
God must be placed in the first place.
You put the position of God in the right place.
Don't worry too much about the things in the back.
Although the reality we live in has changed rapidly, isn't it?
There are new things happening every day.
Economic markets and including all kinds of
and the problems of rising and rising.
Sometimes we see our stock, a piece of red, and you think, Xin, skip a bit.
Oh, I'm scared to death.
But that's OK. Why?
Because Shen has a promise.
Our security is not from the wave of the stock market.
As he goes up, we are very hyper.
Once he falls down, Xin follows Chen down.
我们的安定感是来自于上帝的这句话你如果是先出我的国和我的意的你需要的一切我知道我都加给你 That's a promise 所以这样的话我们的心我们的情绪就能够产生满足感满足感是稳定的根基满足感是稳定的根基如果我们的心
When you are not satisfied with the truth, you will find something else to fill in the part that you are not satisfied with.
This is how the idol came out.
So everyone saw the new mechanism of operation, its logic.
How did the idol come about?
How do you really solve it?
First of all, remember his promise to you.
He will give it to you.
As long as you ask for his country and his will,
Then, in the temple, all the things that you have been pursuing, all become blessings.
Because they do not take the place of God in your life at all.
As long as you do not take the place of God, you will not become an idol.
If you do not become an idol, then it is a blessing.
You should have the place of God, hoping that you will have wealth and prosperity.
to honor the glory and glory of His life.
This is the will of God.
Therefore, what you love, what you pursue, what you need, becomes the blessing of God.
It is no longer the idol.
It is the true freedom in Jesus Christ.
The true freedom.
You are no longer bound by things.
You are no longer bound by money.
You are no longer bound by health.
Timmy关系,父母,配偶,孩子,等等,等等,不再被捆绑,这个时候你享受到的就是绝对的在主耶稣基督里边的自由.
Circus back to Romans 14.
我们正在讲的良心自由的人从哪来的呀?
他明白他在基督里边有真理为边界的真正的自由。
It's like a train.
It's called freedom, but the premise is not to drag the devil.
The devil is the border.
The truth is the border of our freedom.
As long as you don't run to the outside, how can you run anywhere?
This is real freedom.
The premise is that we have to be in the God, so we have to seek his country and his will.
Do you understand?
Let's look at a piece of the scriptures, verses 73, verses 25-26.
The God says,
Chu ni yi wai zi tian shang wo yu shi ne Chu ni yi wai zi di shang wo yi mei yu shuo ai mu de My body and my heart are broken But God is the power in my heart and is my blessing forever Is this why we often sing that song in the food?
It's so beautiful, isn't it?
So as you can see, with this word, it strengthens our thirst for God
The first step is to recognize the idol.
The second step is to admit the idol and confess to God.
The third step is to return to the face of God.
My satisfaction is only in God that I can really achieve it.
The last step is to re-establish our desire.
That is to put God in your hands and ask for his fruit and his will.
This is really not a joke, ladies and gentlemen.
If you put God in your hands, you will find that your life has a great change.
In the fourth step, I believe that ladies and gentlemen, you can see it very clearly.
But I want to emphasize a little bit.
The first step is to recognize the idol as the key.
Because if you can't even recognize your idol, you won't be able to do it afterwards, right?
And in the process of recognizing the idol, I want to say a word that you wrote on the horizon, called emotion.
Everyone has emotion.
It happens every day in our lives.
Every person, as long as you are alive, you will have all kinds of emotions, both positive and negative.
Emotion is a very important clue.
Don't let go of your emotions too easily.
You must understand how to observe and capture your emotions.
You must push your emotions back.
What do you expect?
If you push your emotions back,
believe in the system, there are some things that are not quite right.
Similarly, not only can you use this situation to self-examine yourself, you can also use this method to help the people you love, the people around you, your brothers and sisters, your friends, your children, to help them determine their problems, to solve their problems, to think about a very good solution.
If in your life today, this person
there is a resistance emotion.
You don't need to fight with it, but you should come back and ask, what does it matter?
Think about it, what does it matter?
Is it right or wrong to solve it?
Provide answers, provide information, help it solve its problems.
If you push it back again, why would it matter?
Maybe in its knowledge, there is a place where it is different from me.
As a exchange of information, exchange your thoughts for it.
This is called communication.
This is an effective communication.
There is a wrong way of doing it.
It's to comfort the emotions.
And to comfort the emotions.
I've said it, ladies and gentlemen.
Do you remember the case study of Li Dishong?
To comfort the emotions, and to comfort the emotions, we didn't go back and push it.
We only saw the corner of the ice mountain, the corner that came out.
And we didn't go to pay attention to the whole mountain buried in the water.
You can't really solve its problem.
You can only change it.
short-term peace.
His problem has not been solved.
He will be exposed to other places in the future.
Other environments, other reasons will be exposed again.
So, dear listeners, this point of view is important.
Learn to observe your emotions.
And you have to train, master, practice to grasp the ability to counteract and solve problems from emotions.
This is one of the core principles of mainstream learning, right?
When we often discuss some issues, there will be confrontation.
What should we do when there is confrontation?
If you also join the confrontation, then this matter can only be twice as serious.
Right?
Go back and ask them.
Think about it.
Oh, he might think this matter is very important.
Oh, maybe it's because he thinks so.
All right, then I know where the problem is.
Effective communication provides different points of view, different information, which can ease its emotions.
This is the root of the truth, right?
All right.
I understand what I just said.
Dear viewers, it is related to our psychological activity and our emotions.
So let's do a case study now.
Please take a look at Breaking Small Groups.
Little group, according to your handout,
Let me read it out for you.
To make it easier for you to understand what the case is about, this is the case that was imagined.
The case of Zhang Zi-mei.
Zhang Zi-mei is 38 years old.
She has a 10-year-old child.
She is very anxious about her child's learning performance.
She spends a lot of time watching her child's homework, arranging her tuition and examinations.
The child's grades are slightly lower, so she loses her mind.
She knows that she should rely on God.
Obviously, she is a基督徒.
She often prays for the child, but she can't control her anxiety.
Recently, the child is starting to resist, because she may have to enter the youth period.
The relationship between the child and the child is tense.
Now, please, everyone, break in small groups.
According to your handout, according to the logic and flow of the new operation, to analyze this case,
Zhang Zi-mei may believe in what he desires, his emotional anxiety, and the negative reactions of the mind, that is, the emotions.
How to verify the analysis of the two steps in front of you, and his behavior, the excessive observation, the arrangement of lectures, the examination, the homework, etc.
How to reasonably exist in his whole new logic.
After understanding these, let's discuss how to solve his problem.
How to help him return to his original position, so that he can solve the problem?
How to use the voice in this case?
Okay, now please start your discussion.
Oh, I didn't record it just now.
It's okay.
Let's use this word to report the end of our work.
Let's go to the report.
Hello, everyone.
Thank you for telling us that you want to give us a new heart.
Change our lives.
This is your job.
Of course, we also need to be willing to accept it.
After that, you are willing to give us a new heart.
This heart cannot rely on our own ability to create, but we can rely on you to pray for you.
God, you say you want to put a new soul inside of us.
Not only is it a new heart, but also a new soul.
Your soul wants to live inside of us, continue to guide me, to update me, to give me strength, to resist the temptation of the idol.
I beg you to help me every day.
God, you said that you want to help us get rid of the heart of the body.
is the heart that has not responded to you just now.
Apart from this ten stars, please take away the heart of our idol, the heart that has just arrived.
This is only by relying on you that we can get it.
Shen, you also said that you want to give us a heart made of meat,
It is the heart of softness, the heart of ability to feel, the heart of response to your words, the heart of honor to you.
Please do not just take away our ten hearts and at the same time make this heart soft, soft, and can love you, love the heart of people.
Shen, we thank you again.
Today, you gave us these words, not to set our sins, but to tell us again
Thank you, everyone.
Aiya,中間你們回答問題那段都沒錄下來